hansoft-integration/README.md, before:

#Hansoft-Integration
The integration server can either run on the same machine as the Hansoft server, or on a separate machine. It communicates with the subversion hook through HTTP and with hansoft and the clients through the Hansoft SDK.

In order to use the Integration server an SDK user needs to be created. This is done from within Hansoft.

###Dependencies
java (Tested with java7)  
maven 2.x  
Hansoft development SDK

maven will automatically download the other dependencies. refer to pom.xml for a complete list of dependencies downloaded.

###Installation
```shell

LINUX:
  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:<HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
OSX:
  export DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=$DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH:<HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
WINDOWS:
  TBD...


# Add hansoft SDK artifacts to your local mvn repo:
cd <HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
# 1. Add Java (for each platform: osx, win32, win64, linux32, linux64):
mvn install::install-file -Dfile=hpmsdk.jar -DgroupId=com.hansoft.sdk.lib -DartifactId=hansoft-lib -Dversion=7.5.0.2 -Dpackaging=jar -Dclassifier=osx
# 2. Add native
cd <SDKdir>/<platform>
# edit to match dynlibs etc on the given platform:
jar cvf hpmsdk-native.jar HPMSdk.x64.dylib JavaSdkx64/lib/*
# edit -Dclassifier to match the given platform, eg {osx, win32, linux64, linux32?}:
mvn install::install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=com.hansoft.sdk.lib -Dversion=7.5.0.2 -Dclassifier=osx -DartifactId=hansoft-lib-native -Dfile=hpmsdk-native.jar

cd path/to/hansoft-integration
mvn install
```

Commit message:

Added information about environment variables.

hansoft-integration/README.md, after:

#Hansoft-Integration
The integration server can either run on the same machine as the Hansoft server, or on a separate machine. It communicates with the subversion hook through HTTP and with hansoft and the clients through the Hansoft SDK.

In order to use the Integration server an SDK user needs to be created. This is done from within Hansoft.

The integration server needs the following environment variables set in order to run:  
HANSOFT_DATABASE = Name of Hansoft database  
HANSOFT_SDK_USERNAME = Username of SDK user  
HANSOFT_SDK_PASSWORD = Password to SDK user  
HANSOFT_SDK_PATH = Root dir to hansoft sdk for your platform  
HANSOFT_WORKING_DIR = Root dir to integrationserver  

The integrationserver should be startet at the same time as the Hansoft server, only clients that login after the integration is started will be able to recieve commit signals. 

###Dependencies
java (Tested with java7)  
maven 2.x  
Hansoft development SDK

maven will automatically download the other dependencies. refer to pom.xml for a complete list of dependencies downloaded.

###Installation
```shell

LINUX:
  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:<HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
OSX:
  export DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=$DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH:<HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
WINDOWS:
  TBD...


# Add hansoft SDK artifacts to your local mvn repo:
cd <HansoftSDKroot>/<HostOSVersion>/<JavaSdkVersion>/lib>
# 1. Add Java (for each platform: osx, win32, win64, linux32, linux64):
mvn install::install-file -Dfile=hpmsdk.jar -DgroupId=com.hansoft.sdk.lib -DartifactId=hansoft-lib -Dversion=7.5.0.2 -Dpackaging=jar -Dclassifier=osx
# 2. Add native
cd <SDKdir>/<platform>
# edit to match dynlibs etc on the given platform:
jar cvf hpmsdk-native.jar HPMSdk.x64.dylib JavaSdkx64/lib/*
# edit -Dclassifier to match the given platform, eg {osx, win32, linux64, linux32?}:
mvn install::install-file -Dpackaging=jar -DgroupId=com.hansoft.sdk.lib -Dversion=7.5.0.2 -Dclassifier=osx -DartifactId=hansoft-lib-native -Dfile=hpmsdk-native.jar

cd path/to/hansoft-integration
mvn install
```
